Update expense policy on equipment (#1301)
FlowFuse/website: src/handbook/peopleops/expenses.md

chair, desk, monitor, headset, external microphone, external webcam, keyboard and mouse. Items such
as additional monitors, laptop stands, lighting and laptop bag/case can also be considered.

Any items outside this will fall under an exception to the policy and require management review
and approval.

The following items are not reimbursable: Phones, watches, smart speakers and tablets.

Laptops are covered separately and are provided as needed when a new hire joins the team.
Unless circumstances require otherwise, laptops will only be considered for a refresh after 3 years. Please discuss with your manager if you need to refresh your laptop.

### Asset purchases over $500

Any asset purchase over $500 (laptops, devices etc) needs to be centrally recorded.
This is done in [this Google Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1sHJmUGG-m7y9TGrFrtqiZ6ubioLf1ySSam_cL-cmiRo/edit#gid=0)
and shared with the Finance team. Send details of the purchase to the PeopleOps Manager so 
it can be recorded.

### Return of equipment

When a team member leaves the company, they will be required to return any company
assets such as laptops. This should be discussed with their manager as part of

> the off-boarding process.

Reviewer: Assume this also includes the home office equipment too? If so, _where_ does this get delivered/shipped to?

Reviewer 2: Case by case right now, depends on location and needs. I think not defining is actually better than defining

* Adjustments approved before the payroll cut-off date will be processed in the current month's payroll. Any adjustment approved after the payroll cut-off date will be processed in the next month's payroll
* The People Ops Manager is authorized to approve expenses that are $250 or less. However, if an expense exceeds $250, both the CEO and the People Ops Manager will need to review and approve it.

> ## Equipment

Reviewer 2: Do we need a note that the company might require return of it's property if the employee leaves the company?

Author: Added via https://github.com/FlowFuse/website/pull/1301/commits/80505c5c237c3fbad6ed18deacadecdc1715452e

As an all-remote company, FlowFuse provides a budget to cover the cost of equipment
for a home office environment.

For new hires, $1500 USD is available to help set up their home office in the first year.

> All team members have an annual $500 USD budget available to cover any necessary upgrades, replacements

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After the first year an annual budget of $500 USD is available to cover any necessary upgrades, replacements
```

or enhancements to their home office setup. This does not roll-over and cannot be claimed as cash.

The budget is available for essential items needed to perform your role at FlowFuse. This includes

> chair, desk, monitor, set, external microphone, external webcam, keyboard and mouse. Items such

Reviewer 2: What's a `set`? I think you mean:

```suggestion
chair, desk, monitor set, external microphone, external webcam, keyboard and mouse. Items such
```

as additional monitors, laptop stands, lighting and laptop bag/case can also be considered.

Any items outside this will fall under an exception to the policy and require management review
and approval.

The following items are not reimbursable: Phones, watches, smart speakers and tablets.

Laptops are covered separately and are provided as needed when a new hire joins the team.

> Please discuss with your manager if you need to refresh your laptop.

Reviewer 2: Maybe a note that unless their role changed and they require a new laptop it's expected that laptops will be in service for 3 years before replacement?

Author: ```suggestion
Unless circumstances require otherwise, laptops will only be considered for a refresh after 3 years. Please discuss with your manager if you need to refresh your laptop.
```
